docs(sessions): :memo: move Git basics into includes, plus do some revisions (#70)
rostools/github-intro: sessions/basics.qmd

2.  For 4 minutes, pair up with your neighbour and take turns explaining
    to them what you remember, 2 minutes each.

## :book: Reading task: What is version control and Git?

::: {.callout-note collapse="true"}
## :teacher: Instructor note

After they've read it, take some time to repeat some key points from the
text, such as:

-   Emphasise how people usually version files.
-   Highlight that Git can track any file type, but that Git has more
    features for text-based files.
-   Reinforce what "plain text" files are.
:::

**Time: \~5 minutes.**

::: callout-note
This is the same text you read for the pre-workshop tasks. Why are we
getting you to do a discussion activity to remember Git, then getting
you to again re-read the text? We're doing this because we know that
learning and understanding Git is *very hard*, so we're giving you

> repeated exposures to it. Git requires you use the computer in such a
> fundamentally different way to how people usually work on their
> computers, that we've learned that we need to give lots of opportunities
> for learners to learn and try to understand what Git does and why to use
> it. So having these repeated exposures helps reinforce these concepts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
repeated exposures to it. Git requires you work with files in a
fundamentally different way than people usually work, so we've learned to give learners lots of opportunities
to try to understand what Git does and why it is useful. By including these repeated exposures we want to help reinforce these concepts.
```
